# Notes from 2024-05-09
## Decoupling
- Decoupled code is easier to change.
### Train Wrecks
- When you create a chain of method calls you create highly coupled code.
- TDA - Tell don't ask principle says that you shouldn't make decisions based on the internal state of an object and then update that object.
- This breaks encapsulation, you should delegate reading and updating to the object itself whenever possible.
- It's not a law it's just a pattern so follow it only when it makes sense.
- Try not to have more than one "." when you access something, unless the things you are chaining are really unlikely to change.
### Globalization
- Globalization also couples the code in a sense that every method in your code has access to that code. So in theory if you change global data you'll need to check every method but in practise the impact would be likely less but still you'll have to change every method that uses it.
- If you are trying to make some code global for re-usability, it should be done in a way that decouples the system not couples it more.
- Try to avoid global data.
- Any mutable external global resource is global data. Do not use it directly in your code always try to put an API in front of it, so when the global data changes you don't change all your code, you just change the API.
### Inheritance
- Inheritance in its principle creates coupling.
- Try to keep your code shy that it only deals with things that it directly knows.
- This will keep your code decoupled and allow you to change it easily in the future.