# Notes from 2024-04-26
## Reversibility
* The concept of reversibility states that we should design our systems in a way that is not rigid. Any changes asked in the later stages of development should be easy to accommodate and earlier decisions reversible. 

* Many of the concepts explained in the book so far help achieve this. Your code should be abstracted in a way that if in the future you are required to make changes, then you should have the flexibility to make those changes without any issues. 

* Author says that there should be no final decisions, everything can be changed and will be changed. So it is our job to make it as easy as possible to implement those changes. 

* Author lays out a few ways to make it easy to change common system.
    1. Hide third party api's behind our own abstraction layers
    2. Break code into components
## Tracer Bullets
* Tracer bullets - bullets that leave a trace when fired, this helps the one firing to adjust his/her aim if the target is off the path.

* Tracers bullets operate in the same environment as real bullets and replicate the behaviour of real bullets.

* Tracer development allows us to develop software in a similar sense, where we get immediate feedback for the software developed and under real environment.

* Tracer bullets equivalent in software is code that represents the final system in some way, is visible and easy to make changes in.

* How is this different from prototyping
    1. Prototyping generates disposable code; tracer code is used in the final system.
    2. Prototyping comes before tracer development.